(female narrator)
Previously on "Pretty Little
Liars, The Perfectionists.."
I know what you did.
I know you cheated on mom.
I'm sorry, alright?
I-I, I was stupid.
I know what Nolan was like.
'He just wanted to prove
that he could do it.'
(Dylan)
What can I do to fix this?
(Andrew)
You've done enough.
Andrew.
You really don't know who I am,
do you?
Your dad stole
my parents' life savings.
Hiding in the shadows
makes you an easy target.
'Until you come back,
you won't be safe.'
[beeps]
Bet you'd like that,
wouldn't you?
How the hell did you know
about Jeremy?
And everything else you had
on my friends?
I was Nolan's insurance policy.
(Dylan)
Maybe the person
who's doing this to us
didn't kill Nolan,
maybe they think that we did.
(Ava)
And Dana's been using
our secrets
to drive a wedge between us.
How could Nolan Hotchkiss
be at my apartment?
[dramatic music]
[intense music]
[door creaking]
[music continues]
♪ If I show you
then I know you ♪
♪ Won't tell what I said ♪
♪ 'Cause two can keep a secret ♪
♪ If one of them is dead ♪♪
(Ava)
'So you were born like this.'
Pre-school spelling competition,
first place.
I didn't even know
how to spell mom in pre-school.
You guys don't even know
the half of it.
My mom's taught me
how to play Monopoly
with a calculator.
Where is your mom?
I wanna tell her
that I voted for her
during the midterms.
She already flew back to DC.
Civic duty never sleeps. Mm..
Are you okay with that?
I know what it's like
to be on your own.
Honestly, it's fine.
I have to prep
for my interview today.
And besides, it's Dead Week.
I'm already so behind on my work
even though
I got some extensions.
Because you got hit by a car.
Caitlin, you really should
take it easy.
If you guys were me,
would you be taking it easy?
I thought so.
They called off classes
for a reason.
I have four midterms
turning in an art history
project to two papers
and I'm lighting candles
so I hear back from both.
'Four midterms,
two on the same day'
three essays
and a musical recording project.
And you're lighting
an extra candle
until I hear back
from the Seattle Symphony.
Damn, when I say it out loud,
it does sound like a lot.
Don't forget to add
we're being stalked
and tortured by Dana Booker.
Who we think
hit Caitlin with a car.
We cannot let Dana
distract us this week.
'We know that she wants
to divide and conquer'
so we win by sticking together.
It's not gonna be easy,
but we just
have to keep our heads down
and get our work done.
We'll focus on Dana
after Dead Week, deal?
Deal.
Smack me if you hear me say
Dana's name.
What do I do about that?
Do you really think I'd be here
if we needed to be afraid of it?
The box is a smart monitor,
it knows when you're home
when you open
your doors and windows
it can sense fires and floods.
It'll send you a notification if
there's an on-campus emergency.
And it's a kickass Wi-Fi router.
I just wanna make sure that
you're gonna be okay and safe
when I'm gone,
which is gonna be a lot
because it's Dead Week.
One thing I did not miss at BHU.
I knew it was gonna be
stressful for students
but no one told me it was gonna
be stressful for faculty, too.
Pro tip, wine helps.
[chuckles]
Thank you
for letting me crash here.
My life is about to go viral
once my mom
makes her public statement.
What is Claire gonna
tell the media?
Exactly what I told her.
That I couldn't handle
the pressure here.
Ironic, considering
I came back during Dead Week.
But I'm sure my mom already has
the BHU public relations office
working overtime to spin-doctor
the unfortunate timing.
Well,
Claire does have to protect
the reputation of the school.
I-I know
she's happy you're back.
I think you're right
but it will take time
for her to earn my trust.
For now
you're the only one who knows
why I really faked my death.
When I disappeared,
I was afraid of my mom
but you don't need to be afraid
of yours.
I watched Claire mourn.
She was broken.
She was getting drunk
in my living room
to feel close to you.
So dramatic.
[cell phone ringing]
[sighing]
Trying to schedule a FaceTime
with Grace and Lily
is like the UN
trying to schedule a G7 summit.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
You're a working mom,
your kids will appreciate
how hard
you've worked for them.
I'm really glad that you
trusted me enough to come back.
My brother trusted you.
That's enough for me.
We do have a lot in common.
You know, I have to admit
I was wrong about
this 20th-century mystery
lit class being an easy A.
- Why would you think that?
- 'I did, too.'
But now we're analyzing
the issues of feminist identity
in the works of Agatha Christie.
Thank you.
- You've got a big house.
- And class is really hard.
I came here
to tell you something.
The press is camped
outside the Hotchkiss estate
waiting on
Claire's official statement
but I wanted you
to hear it from me first.
Taylor is alive.
What?
We were at her funeral.
I know this is a lot to process
but she faked her suicide.
I grew up with Taylor.
And-and she loved her family.
Why would she do this?
And how could she do this
to them?
Nolan was devastated
when she died.
Nolan knew she was hiding
and he helped her.
He knew?
He was trying to keep you safe.
Safe from what?
Taylor told Claire
that she disappeared
because she couldn't handle
the pressure.
- But that's not the truth.
- Well, what is the truth?
Someone tried to kill her.
This stays between us.
Do you understand?
Do you think the person
who tired to kill Taylor
is the same person
who killed Nolan?
Now that Taylor is back, I'm
hoping she can help us find out.
There's something
that you need to know, Alison.
We think it was Dana
who ran over Caitlin.
(Mona)
You think it's Dana?
Two days ago, you all were
100 percent convinced
'that Mason killed Nolan
and hit Caitlin with the car.'
But you were dead wrong,
pun intended.
And full disclosure, someone
else is acting suspiciously.
- Taylor.
- What's your issue with Taylor?
[sighing]
Somebody left me a box
of cupcakes last night.
And that's a problem?
Want one?
- No, thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
They used Nolan's ID card
to access my apartment.
- How would you know that?
- Ah..
I stole Taylor's RV.
- I hid it in the woods.
- You what?
It's like a mini Beacon Guard.
Mona, I've seen the camper.
It's junk.
Remember that underground
dollhouse I was trapped in?
It looked like a bunker
from the outside.
Okay, we have to Google
these guys.
- Yeah.
- 'You won't find anything.'
We were minors.
Those records are sealed.
Where did you grow up?
(both)
Rosewood, Pennsylvania.
You remember when A made Hannah
eat all those cupcakes?
Who's A?
- A?
- It was a long time ago.
'It was a game
that got out of hand.'
We were kids. Dana's an adult.
She's not an A.
I'm lost.
Think of A as a bully
who makes a game
out of watching you squirm.
- You mean, like Dana?
- Dana's a total A.
- 'But how do we prove it?'
- Great, guys.
Just one more thing to add
to my to-do list for Dead Week.
No, you three focus
on your studies.
For now, the best cover you have
is for you to act normal.
Well,
if you're giving us permission
who are we to argue?
And what's more normal than
studying our asses off, right?
Exactly, I'll speak to Taylor
and if we can trust her
then she'll help us
figure out who killed Nolan
and we can hand that person over
to Dana on a silver platter.
And I'm gonna find out
who left me those cupcakes.
- I really hope it's not Dana.
- Why?
Because she's on the inside.
And I hope I'm wrong
about Taylor.
And why is that?
Because if it is Dana, then we
need somebody on the inside too.
'And Taylor is a Hotchkiss.
How more inside can you get?'
A puzzle is a new perspective
on how to unr--
Save the grade-grubbing
goody two shoes
act for class, please.
Hey, I'm not the one
who paired us.
- Forced!
- Together for this midterm.
I just don't understand
how they expect us to figure out
what painting this puzzle piece
is supposed to represent.
What's so wrong
with multiple choice?
Oh, now I have to get stuck
with creative professor.
Our shrugs are broad,
they're loose
kind of like
19th-century French realism.
The painting like that
needs talent..
Shit.
Ah, it's-it's just art history.
We've got four midterms,
a term paper
this stupid puzzle piece
and a paper
we're supposed to write about
it, don't tell me to relax.
You know, let's just do
an online Internet search.
I've coded search parameters
before.
I can easily write a program,
scan this puzzle piece
and we'll have so much more time
for our other classes.
And best of all,
you won't have to see me.
That's cheating.
Why am I surprised, though?
Of course, you take the easy
way out...just like your dad.
- I think I'm screwed.
- Aren't we all?
Well, at least you're not
getting an incomplete grade.
Oh, my God.
- You are screwed.
- I know.
I mean, I need more time
to record my solo piece
as a midterm project for
my acoustical engineering class
but Professor James says
he has to consider
giving me an extension.
Is this about your hand?
It hurts to play.
I didn't listen to the doctor
when he told me
to take a break,
and I'm paying the price.
Why don't you just tell
your professor?
I'm sure he'll understand.
If he finds out
that I can't play
it could jeopardize
my scholarship.
What do mean you can't play?
It-it's not permanent, is it?
I don't know yet.
This is my fault.
I never should have asked you
to play at my fashion show.
This has nothing to do with you,
I overextended myself
as always.
Bad habit I'm trying to kick.
Hm.
- Hey.
Did you, uh..
Did you get my text?
Yeah. Didn't make it.
Congratulations,
I heard you rocked it.
Thanks. Dylan rocked it.
You should've seen him.
Uh, well, I gotta go.
Ancient Roman architecture
is calling my name.
- He totally hates me.
- No.
It's a fine line
between love and hate.
He only hates you
because he loves you.
Ending birth-right citizenship
with an executive order
is unconstitutional,
thanks to the 1898 case
of the United States
versus Wong Kim Ark
which established
an important precedent
regarding the 14th Amendment.
- Neck tie.
- This is so not fair.
[scoffs]
[laughing]
Well, you haven't
stumped me yet.
And I'm so gonna ace
this internship interview.
Mm-hmm,
you're as smart as a whip.
Congressional puns make me hot.
Now, look, you're one answer
away from winning
then you're gonna keep
your promise, right?
We're gonna talk about Taylor.
I never met her, but I can't
believe she's alive.
How could she do that
to her mother?
I guess daughters
disappoint their mothers
just like mothers disappoint
their daughters.
I know it must be disappointing
to keep the secret
from your other mom
but you have to feel better
knowing it's off your chest.
I don't feel better. I mean,
it's gonna come out. Dana knows.
Broke your rule.
- You said Dana.
- Damn her!
[chuckles]
What are you doing?
Like you won't be able to answer
that question
about congressional term limits.
♪ Never gonna give up ♪
♪ One love come together ♪
Game over.
You don't wanna keep playing?
Don't wanna take off
those briefs?
What I want
is to buy you a cup of coffee
in town, like we were planning
before all this happened.
You know what?
Let's do it.
I'm not gonna let
Dana or anything
or even a car crash
stop me from living my life.
I'm tired of us
hiding and sneaking around.
You know,
I-I can't make it into town
but why can't we run
into each other on campus
where I'll be practically living
this whole week?
♪ Here to stay ♪
It's a date.
♪ One love come together ♪
♪ Ha-ha ha-ha ♪
[moaning]
♪ One love come together ♪♪
So I've reviewed all the keycard
entrances made by our fake Nolan
but it's impossible
to get a visual
on who's using Nolan's ID card.
You know, I get
why we need to trust Taylor
'but why do you wanna
trust her?'
Because we share
the same crazy life experience.
I mean, how often
does that happen with people
like you and me?
I want her to be trustworthy.
(Mona on phone)
'She's sneaking around
with her own'
'private Beacon Guard, Ali.'
You can't will someone
to be trustworthy.
(Alison on phone)
'Okay, well, I'm gonna be home
in a few minutes.'
Maybe she'll come clean
about the RV.
Oh, that's interesting.
'Ali, Taylor's got biometric
and physiological technology'
and can track gait patterns.
Okay, you need to slow down
with the computer geek jargon.
G-A-I-T, gait.
'That means
we can identify fake Nolan'
'by matching
his or her walking pattern'
but the search is gonna have
to scan through footage
of the entire BHU population.
Unfortunately,
that's gonna take some time.
- 'Okay, keep me looped in.'
- Yeah.
It makes sense if it was Dana.
After all, she was FBI.
And she has full access
to Beacon Guard.
And that angle
that Caitlin was hit at..
- Special-ops training.
- Really?
Never played Call Of Duty?
And what about Taylor?
She has access
to a Beacon Guard.
Maybe Al was right,
you know, maybe she--
Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
But what part of
"Let's focus on our studies
during Dead Week"
did you guys not get?
[clears throat]
Oh, no. Don't make eye contact.
Don't look her in the eye.
It's like "Jurassic Park."
"Don't move."
She can't see us
if we don't move.
Just the three
I was looking for.
- What do you want?
- To give you some good news.
We solved your case.
A teenager out for joyride
thought he hit a deer.
He turned himself in when he
heard you were in the hospital.
- Why wasn't this in the news?
- The driver was a minor.
The case has been sealed
to the public.
That's it?
The case is just closed?
This sounds way too easy.
Looks like you've been
studying together for hours.
So you're real friends now.
- Well, that's a game changer.
- We're not playing games.
Oh, I think
you started the game.
And it's my job to finish it.
[bell tolling]
I mean, how could someone
mistake me for a deer?
- That story is so lame.
- 'That's what's so scary.'
Dana thinks
she's getting away with it.
You know what's even scarier?
I don't think I wanna know.
She thinks that we killed Nolan.
'You realize you're breaking
your one rule, right?'
- You're talking about Dana.
- 'You're right. You're right.'
That was a slip. Sorry.
Dylan, I-I-I gotta go, okay?
I gotta focus.
- 'Caitlin, you've got this.'
- Thanks. Mm.
Look, it's her.
We might as well leave now.
I hear she never sleeps.
[indistinct chatter]
(male reporter)
'Earlier today, Claire Hotchkiss
gave an official statement..'
Okay. Lunch is here.
Pro tip.
Stay away from my cheese fries.
(male reporter)
'The Hotchkiss
family apologizes'
'for any stress
or inconvenience'
'the community endured
after it was reported..'
Don't let the media frenzy
get in your head.
I've been there. Done that.
Eventually, the media fades away
and you get your life back.
How hard was it for you?
I remember how isolating it was
to be away
from my friends and family.
I got used to the isolation.
I'm gonna miss it now that the
news is finally out about me.
- Well, you can't hide forever.
- I know.
It's not the public scrutiny
that scares me.
It's knowing that
I'll be a target again 24/7.
What was it like for you
off the grid?
How did you stay connected
out there in that van
without Wi-Fi, not even a phone?
It was liberating.
Beacon Guard was created
to protect the community.
But it was exhausting constantly
being under its watchful eye.
I felt free
being cut off from the world.
I'm having food envy.
The fries look good.
Have at it.
So, Caitlin Park-Lewis
which reality show
would you rather compete on
"The Bachelor" or "Survivor?"
Uh, e-excuse me?
Which show would you prefer, um
being stuck with strangers
on a deserted island for 39 days
or competing with two dozen
other women for one man's heart?
Uh, I..
[chuckles]
...don't really watch
reality TV.
But I can talk to you about
FCC regulations on candidates
and political programming
and foreign policy--
I'm sure you can.
I've seen your resume,
it's very impressive.
- Thank you.
- What about pets?
Are you a dog or a cat person?
I don't own a pet.
Oh, allergies.
No.
- Pizza or tacos?
- I don't understand.
I know. It's a very
controversial question.
No, I-I'm confused, I don't know
what pizza versus tacos
have to do with this internship.
A lot, actually.
As an intern on the Hill,
you'll be working directly
with Senator Hastings'
constituents.
Now, the senator and I
already know
how academically qualified
you are for this position.
We know your mom.
But we wanna know more
about who you really are
as a person.
Who is the real Caitlin?
Politics
is not just about policy
it's, it's about the people.
So, pizza or tacos?
[birds chirping]
So how does Agatha Christie
use her female characters
to portray the principles
of feminism?
Hint, hint,
this'll be on your test.
[indistinct chatter]
I get it. Gone girl's back.
But this is Dead Week,
and you all need to focus.
Excuse me. Ms. DiLaurentis,
can I speak to you for a second?
Please distribute these.
Everyone pair up and work
on these practice worksheets
together.
They'll cover everything
in your midterms, okay?
It's official,
I'm getting an incomplete
in acoustical engineering.
An incomplete?
You're one of
my hardest-working students.
I took on
more than I could handle.
It's a problem
I'm trying to fix.
Well, you can just apply
to take the class next quarter.
It's not the end of the world.
At BHU
an incomplete is like an F.
In fact, it's even worse
because it means
you couldn't rise
to the occasion.
I know you're under
a lot of pressure.
It's not a guarantee,
but I'll speak
to your professor,
see if I can change his mind.
- I'm desperate.
- Okay.
Thanks.
♪ There you go again ♪
♪ Reaching out
like you're my friend ♪
♪ And you pick me up when ♪
Then I'll come to you.
♪ There's a smile
upon your face ♪
♪ There you go again ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ When a lie is on your face ♪
♪ There you go again ♪
Hey, Andrew.
You know Zach, right?
- Yeah.
- Have you seen him?
- Uh, no.
- Huh.
[indistinct chatter]
- I hope you like anchovies.
- Hm.
It's all that's left.
A burger guy set up shop
at the coffee counter.
Why do they want us to get fat
during Dead Week?
[laughing]
We missed you at the fashion
show, especially Dylan.
[sighs]
It's the first time
I missed a performance.
Sounds like you wanted to go.
I did, but what would I say?
You still care about him?
Maybe I'm not ready to say that.
But it's true. Right?
It's not that simple.
Remember,
I'm the one who got hurt here.
I know.
And I'm not saying
you have to forgive Dylan.
That's your choice to make.
But I know how you feel.
I've had my heart broken
by people I've loved.
And now they're gone.
I would do anything
to have a second chance.
♪ Reaching out
like you're my friend ♪
Thanks for the pizza.
- It was free, so..
- Ah, okay. Heh.
- I'll see you later.
- I'll see you.
- Enjoy the anchovies.
- Thanks.
Hey, have you seen Zach?
- Fortson?
- Yeah.
Oh, he's not working
till tonight.
♪ And you pick me up when ♪
♪ There's a smile
upon your face ♪
♪ There you go again ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪
♪ Stepping right up
to the end ♪
[mumbles]
Hey, Zach.
You know, for someone
who's constantly judging me
where does lying
fit into your moral code?
Jerk.
Don't worry, switching
from pre-med to English
doesn't mean
you can't apply to med school.
Did you know
that Anton Chekhov was a doctor?
That was his side gig.
You'll be fine.
Mason Gregory.
You are next. Come on in.
Okay, Junior Olympic
silver medalist in rowing
and second-place winner
of the national
Intel Science Talent Search.
What can I do for you?
I don't know if I belong here.
Students usually start
with a simple
"I need to drop a class"
or "I wanna switch majors"
before having their first
BHU existential crisis.
It's definitely more than that.
Since Nolan's death,
I've been distracted.
A jerk, actually.
- A jerk to whom?
- Everyone.
- Including Nolan's friends.
- Okay.
Well, grief manifests itself
in unusual ways.
You're telling me.
You know, just as I wrap
my brain around that
now Taylor's alive?
To do something that drastic
that scares me.
She snapped under the pressure.
That could be me.
You're overwhelmed.
Take a step back.
Dead Week
isn't just about cramming
it's about teaching students
to prioritize the workload
and know when to stop
and take a break.
I hear they're serving pizza
in the student union.
I'm too keyed up to eat.
There must be something you do
to relax.
Mm, video games, knitting.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Uh, I like to play the piano.
You're a musician?
When we accepted you into BHU
there was nothing in your file
about music.
I don't have
any formal training.
I just picked it up by ear.
I think
it's 'cause I'm a math geek
and, um, you know,
music is the art of math.
Well said, Amadeus.
My advice for now
would be to find
a music practice room
and take a break.
Thank you.
I think I know where I'm gonna
be for the rest of the day.
[chuckles]
Next.
(Caitlin)
'Turkey patty well-done.
Wheat bun, steamed.'
Onions grilled, not raw.
Uh, three dill pickle slices.
Oh, and tomatoes on the burger
but only if they're heirloom,
not beefsteak.
Kosher, not table salt,
on the fries.
And lettuce on the side
just in case it wilts.
Do you have sriracha?
I made
three different hot sauces
from scratch.
Wanna sample those?
Mildest first, please.
[music on speaker]
[cell phone ringing]
Dessert?
I'll do the deep-fried
Twinkie pie
and the Oreo milkshake.
Whipped cream on the side?
Uh, yes, please. It can melt.
We're also doing a special
on cake pops
and our choco tacos
are really popular.
Oh, my God. Tacos.
I love tacos.
Why didn't I just say that?
- So we're doing tacos?
- Pizza or tacos. Tacos!
Caitlin, for God's sake!
They're tasty, they're portable
if you're on the run.
But why didn't I just say that?
Why did I just freeze?
And then, of course,
there's taco pizza
which you get
the best of both worlds.
And I even missed
the opportunity
to bring up the topic
of cultural misappropriation
of authentic
Mexican street tacos
by corporate America.
Look, I don't know
what kind of weird, uh
new-agey class you're taking,
but just trust me on this
there's no wrong answer
to pizza or tacos.
It's a personal choice.
Your personal choice.
Just because I wasn't prepped
doesn't mean
I didn't know the answers.
I'll be back for dessert.
And thank you,
this has been very insightful.
Alright.
Dead Week.
[instrumental music]
[sighs]
(Caitlin)
Mrs. Gaines.
- "Survivor."
- Excuse me?
"Survivor," I'd be on that show
because if I could survive
19 years
as the daughter of a politician
I could totally handle being on
a deserted island for 39 days.
It's a nice answer,
but I'm afraid
you've already had
your interview.
I'll be honest.
Your questions threw me.
I prepped by memorizing
economic statistics
and analyzing foreign policy.
I was trying too hard
to look good on paper.
You were a little stiff.
Could I have a do-over?
That just wouldn't be fair
to the other candidates.
It doesn't have to count.
But you asked me
who the real Caitlin is.
That's the one question
I've never really asked myself.
I'd like to see
if I can answer it.
I'd like to see that, too.
[indistinct chatter]
Is this a private moment?
I don't know what it is.
[Mona sighs]
I'm sorry
I was right about Taylor.
I just thought
that she would help us
connect the dots
and get Dana off our backs
and make it go back to living
our best Beacon Heights lives.
[chuckles]
Oh! What's that look like?
Drama-free.
When I left Rosewood,
I thought it would be different
but drama and lies follow me
everywhere I go.
Ali, if you think
you're a drama magnet
it's because you wanna be.
If you don't want that,
then change it.
I don't think
it's that simple, Mona.
You're still defining yourself
as that girl from Rosewood.
You say you want a fresh start
so reinvent yourself
and follow through.
[sighs]
When I go home,
I'm gonna ask Taylor to leave.
For what it's worth,
if I were Taylor
I wouldn't have told you
about the camper, either.
I don't know what her story is
and I don't know
what she was doing out there
with her mini Beacon Guard
but until we know more
you have to be careful.
[cell phone ringing]
Is that an update
about fake Nolan?
No, the gait-recognition program
is still processing.
It's Bad Bishop.
Oh! Queen's Gambit.
Genius move, Einstein.
You're really into this person.
Chess is the art of math.
[chuckles]
Oh, my God.
I know who this is.
I.. Bye.
Shit. Where are you?
Come on, come on, come on.
[classical music on record]
[laptop keys clacking]
Now let's make sure
no one's gonna find you online.
'I have to be the only person
at BHU'
'who's recording from 1918.'
[music continues]
[laptop keys clacking]
[music stops]
'Dylan Walker,
are you sure you wanna do this?'
[exhales sharply]
[intense music]
[door opens]
Hey.
[sighs]
I should've come
to see you play. I was pouting.
You're cute when you pout.
You really hurt me.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Ah. I remember this one.
That was your favorite.
Our favorite.
[Irma Thomas singing "Anyone
Who Knows What Love Is"]
♪ Anyone ♪
I wanna come home.
♪ You can blame me ♪
You are home.
♪ Try to shame me ♪
♪ And still I'll care for you ♪
So from now on we're totally
honest with each other?
♪ You can run around ♪
No more secrets.
♪ Even put me down ♪
♪ Still I'll be there for you ♪
♪ The world ♪
♪ May think I'm foolish ♪
♪ They can't see you.. ♪
I'm sorry
I left you that message.
I know you weren't lying.
♪ Oh but anyone ♪
You were right.
♪ Who knows what love is ♪
♪ Will understand ♪
[music continues]
♪ I know ♪
♪ I know to ever let you go ♪
♪ Oh it's more ♪
♪ Than I could ever stand ♪
This way.
♪ Oh but anyone.. ♪♪
Hi. Uh, you're Jeremy Beckett,
right?
I remember meeting you
at the Hotchkiss estate.
- I'm Caitlin.
- Park-Lewis, yes.
Can I buy you a coffee?
Can you throw in
a deep-fried Twinkie pie?
I'm so happy
you're doing carbs again.
It's Dead Week.
Everybody's doing carbs.
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chatter]
[piano music]
[chuckles]
"Chess is the art of math?"
You told me
music was the art of math.
- Wait, you're 4Moves?
- You're Bad Bishop.
[chuckles]
Checkmate.
Yeah, uh..
So whose move is it now?
[cell phone beeps]
Uh, yours. Start a new game.
[beeping]
- All of them?
- All of them!
I threw 'em all
in the recycling bin.
Not a single index card
in sight.
I find this incredibly sexy.
I never fly
by the seat of my pants.
So this was new for me.
But I-I, I still don't get it,
so you..
You're happy
you tanked the interview?
Oh, no, no.
I felt like crap
after falling flat on my face.
So what got you back up
on your feet?
Tacos.
I realized that when people
wanna know who you are
if you're honest,
there are no wrong answers.
It sounds to me like
you definitely aced that test.
[chuckles]
[door shuts]
What's going on?
I have to go.
- To Claire's?
- No.
I left something in the woods.
Something that can help us
figure out
who killed my brother.
Your mini Beacon Guard.
I'm sorry
I didn't tell you sooner.
I-I, I wanted to show you
what I was using it for
so you'd know
that you could trust me.
But now it's gone
and I have to find it.
I have it.
Well, my friend does.
- You stole it?
- I didn't steal it, she did.
But it's safe.
You don't have to leave.
Alison..
...we both know
I can't stay here forever.
I came back to find out
who killed Nolan.
It's time to start
being a Hotchkiss again.
[indistinct chatter]
I told you, I don't wanna be
a part of your shortcut.
I didn't take a shortcut.
I worked on this all night.
What happened
to your theory about
19th-century French realism?
Well,
I cross-referenced the art
and I found out
that Edouard Manet
painted "The Luncheon
On The Grass" in 1862
after seeing Titian's
original painting at the Louvre.
So I was right.
And you were sort of right.
Right.
You didn't have to include
my name on it, though.
Well, I wouldn't have solved
the puzzle without you.
Uh, hey.
I was wrong to say that you were
just like your dad.
I don't even know you.
I'm really sorry
about what my father did
to you and your family.
Those were his mistakes,
not yours.
And I screwed up
by taking it out on you.
I'd probably take it out
on me, too.
Yeah. Probably would,
wouldn't you?
I'll see you around, Fortson.
See you around, Jalali.
Okay, so we know it's probably
gonna be on the test.
'So let's discuss
some of the themes.'
She's on the move.
Guys, she's putting sugar
in her coffee.
She's plotting her next A move.
Oh, so it's sticking.
We're calling the person
who's torturing us A?
Stop staring at her.
I'm not staring.
This is espionage.
Read some more spy novels.
That's actually
not a bad idea, Ava.
- Are you writing that down?
- I make lists is what I do.
She's sitting down
with her coffee.
(Caitlin)
Guys, can we please stop talking
about Dana?
Or Nolan, or anything
having to do with murder?
Please.
[audio feedback]
[classical music on speakers]
[indistinct chatter]
(Caitlin)
'Huh! What the hell?'
Guys..
Are you okay?
I did something really bad
that could get me
kicked out of the school
and Dana knows it.
[music continues]
[sighs]
[cell phone beeping]
[intense music]
- I love you, toodles.
- 'I love you.'
- To the moon and back.
- 'We miss you, mommy.'
Bye. Kisses.
[door shuts]
- I refuse to be a doll.
- What?
You were right
about Dana Booker.
She left me those cupcakes
all A-like.
- She's playing your game.
- Then I'll win.
Let's take this bitch down.
[dramatic music]
[theme music]